Feat/pod level opa (#96)
odahu/odahu-docs: source/comp_feedback.rst

======================
Feedback aggregator
======================

:term:`Feedback aggregator` is a service that provides a :term:`Model Feedback API` and gathers input and output
:term:`prediction requests <Model prediction API>`

API-provided URLs
--------------------------

> :term:`Model Feedback API` provide just single endpoint that
> allow you send feedback on a :term:`prediction request <Model prediction API>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:term:`Model Feedback API` provides just a single endpoint that
allows you send feedback on a :term:`prediction request <Model prediction API>`:
```

`POST /api/v1/feedback`

Information about this URL can be viewed using the auto-generated, interactive Swagger page. It is located at ``<api-address>/swagger/index.html``.
You can read all of the up-to-date documentation and invoke this endpoint (allowed for your account) right from this web page.

Authentication and authorization
--------------------------------

:term:`Feedback aggregator` distributed in :ref:`odahu-flow-core helm chart <gen_distros:Distributions>` with enabled authorization

> and pre-defined OPA policies. If :ref:`Security Subsystem <comp_security:Security-subsystem>` is installed then all requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and pre-defined OPA policies. If :ref:`Security Subsystem <comp_security:Security-subsystem>` is installed, then all requests
```

to :term:`Model Feedback API` service will be enforced using :ref:`pre-defined OPA policies <gen_security:ODAHU API and Feedback aggregator policies>`.

Implementation details
----------------------

:term:`Feedback aggregator` contains two major subcomponents

- REST Server that provides :term:`Model Feedback API` and send them to configured fluentd server

> - Envoy Proxy tap filter that catch all requests and response to deployed models and send this info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Envoy Proxy tap filter that catch all requests and response of deployed models and send this info
```

> - REST Server that provides :term:`Model Feedback API` and send them to configured fluentd server
> - Envoy Proxy tap filter that catch all requests and response of deployed models and send this info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- REST Server provides :term:`Model Feedback API` and sends them to configured fluentd server
- Envoy Proxy tap filter catches all requests and responses of deployed models and sends this info
```
